tangential thought about aesthetics: there's a convention, which I think is
especially popular in american tv, of presenting feminine beauty in this twofold
structure: a pair of characters, one of whose job is to represent socially
legible beauty and the other whose job is to represent beauty that _only the
viewer_, or those characters with whom the viewer is in intended to identify,
falls for

veronica and betty, the companion and the mechanic on firefly, ginger and
mary-ann on giligan's island, the "other girls / me" memes, etc does this trope
have a name? it's very common

0xdeba5e12 [11:46 AM] it's also very american! I can't think of any non-american
examples!

Peli Grietzer [11:46 AM] I've seen you mention this before and thought it was a
great observation. Maaaaybe people will instantly recognise a phrase like
'cheerleader vs girl next door' as describing it. Or 'she wears short skirts/I
wear t-shirts'

0xdeba5e12 [11:46 AM] yeah, that's definitely part of the same mytheme the
Cheerleader and the Girl Next Door are also _extremely_ American archetypes
maybe insofar as they participate in this dichotomy Canadian TV doesn't really
use this trope, as far as I can recall, though it wouldn't be surprising to find
some instances up here. the funny thing, of course, is that Canada's entire
national identity is being the girl next door to America's cheerleader

Peli Grietzer [11:48 AM] Lol

0xdeba5e12 [11:49 AM] this will go in the "write a blog post about this
sometime" directory


Peli Grietzer [11:51 AM] Twin Peaks kind if has it with Laura vs Donna but more
as an in-universe trope than as something operating on the viewer

And Audrey is the actual dreamgirl anyway

0xdeba5e12 [11:53 AM] you're right about Laura and Donna, though -- the
sub-world where James is the viewpoint character _does_ instantiate this trope

Peli Grietzer [11:54 AM] Yeah I'm very proud of extracting that

0xdeba5e12 [11:54 AM] i wonder how much of the eerieness of Lynch's work comes
from taking viewer-oriented conventions and then diegetically embedding them in
the world
