And you deeply understand why Michael Crichton, who may have covered your
armpits a thousand times and, perhaps, as many as forty thousand times, each
year around his house—with words as interchangeable there as there were on the
internet—might omit the obvious Israeli question: Stop improvising. Oprah
Winfrey canceled Shakespeare. Farmer Anthony Gill, who lives in an area of
France called Mondenire where the majority of fademicians live, would regularly
find himself compelled to talk about sex — uglier than he ever could on
Sylvester Stallone's "The Virgin and the Wolf," coquet-like copick-balances that
held the bar raised up, rebavingly to lousy Rocco Baldacci songs that were
progressively replaced by churning portrayal. To hear a disease slowly dying out
at such a psychological level, what'll you do if it survives away for only 50
years and makes a huge dent in the fainting forests that canotap the whole
planet after eight or nine layers? Then "Chevy Chase" was replaced by Samuel L
Jackson. Then all of you went up to Hollywood and got nervous about things like
pansexual rape films (almost as strange at the time, but under somewhat
different terms. News of the impending Iberian War made it unavoidable). And
then the poet popped back with another fascinating thing: His transgression in
the strangest, most disturbing ways could be forgiven and re-emerged in a year
of never-ending torrential rain.

To Chu, time isn't about sorrow. (Since he didn't know how much a demon Hibiki
would love you to Kaihito Gil's humble literal opium after you all getting a
haircut all by yourself with a straight haircut.) Zhun Ji was studying in the
cleanest town in China (they, however, wouldn't let him try out for a role in a
Chinese blockbuster). When her studying teacher called him up and asked if he
had any ideas of what to expect, he dipped his hand in daiquiris before
wondering if it would make her.

Advertisement

"Dad told me that winter's the best season, even if the weather's pretty bad,"
she quipped. "I don't think it will stay that way here, but should we have done
something more environmentally friendly and low-polygonish instead, like at
night or at the gym?" Not surprisingly, many of her more interesting findings
came at boyfriending parties. Later, Zhun went into debt to finance chiropractic
limbs. Her husband took pride in his role as a surgeon, for whom it was
forbidden to go to hospital. Now Chu worked as a curio at well-known financial
institutions like Credit Suisse and Nomura. Once for $1,005.00, she went to an
elite private Tokyo hospital campus tasked with revving the socket, centre, and
lecterns for swollen trains. His wife and leading lady lay adjacent to her at
the event. Subdued? Not yet and he sat on the revelation bench in the women's
section, the ottoman on a nearby assix composing of points Brunei. He said he
was dead hungry. Then did both respond successfully to his enticing invitation
for two payments for doing another serious-looking account. Ten pages? Wake up.
Repeat. He found it revolting

---

Model prompt >>> I remember two other times when you strangled me to death, and all that shit. I remember the echoes astride the Pale River, and struck with a jolt of agony. I remember, Barbarian, the acrid sheath of a caress or the bite of a kitten moist at your heels. (It opened up horizons from which no one could escape.) I remember you doing nothing, but writing the rest of it down.  I remember wishing I could have less bliss. I remember you taking a bath in a now entirely empty room, after a thirty-second class. I remember the one person who loved you the minute you let her in under your heavy winter coat and a bridal veil. I remember you dragging your reams from the attic, in a spray of dust unspooled on the mattress. I remember it covered in leaves.  (There are always those who have walked through the woods, watchlessly watching on, you        
======================================== SAMPLE 1
 ======================================== know, and earnestly searching for
 violet flowers. And these are they briefly live.) I remember you treating me
 like my childhood puppet-master. It took your sting, your cleverness, his thin
 fingers so carefully containing himself. A year, then, out of that void where
 nothing happened, and assault by darkness, after so few days, I instantly
 became aware. (The men of cover have this pathology: they see things
 differently.)

19. THE MORNING BEFORE THE END OF THE FIFTH CENTURY END

THE END of the milky-white manure cover. Some of these guys had come out from
owls. No one died. There was a good riddance. I knelt alone on my bed, made
artisan bread and served your own beverage for ten of those who painted the
walls, played guitar, sang one of my SF firemen's songs (after I remounted them,
I remember Morse it so perfectly, which nobody could read, and only can- at the
age of nine I'm deeply interested in the musician. However great holes in the
covers no one can fix, a cover that covers the space in between how many colors
we can have), made me engage in activity so trivial that it gave me a powerful
urge to experiment.) I worked all night without any work at all. At night, I
stole a bloom-plume sting from a putrid tomato. I died.

21. THE MIDMILTON DAY

I woke him by altering a posting site's nomenclature

right before his bedtime - there were still red-tipped whitewashed
marker-flourescent islands. There were dark savage-grey brambles, old black
swirling pastes hanging free from the wall, black-black orange horizontal piping
leading out on dowel edges. Thick (in our way) old wooden rope fell off medicate
points, shedding gizmos. I was starving. I was starving.

22. THE MORNING AFTER HIS BURDRED FAUDUME STUPID MEDICINE THE DELTA WISHT LARGE
    POWER VOICES OF ANI THAT A QUEENS. In Paris and London, upon pressing a new
    graphic to write my story about witches or criminals after Smith Aslight, a
    marvellous piece came up in print. Raine made an uncanny reproduction
    between the group of six new cities he studied, and an apposite painting of
    books which exceeds the refrigerator employed by Simon And Schuster

---

# GPT-2 Response to the Second Stanza of "Pale River"

Model prompt >>> I remember wishing I could have less bliss. I remember you
taking a bath in a now entirely empty room, after a thirty-second class. I
remember the one person who loved you the minute you let her in here spraying
dust unspooled on the futon. I remember it covered in leaves! I remember there
were dark, savage-grey brambles, old black swirling pastes hanging free from the
wall, black black orange horizontal piping leading out on dowel ends, old black
black orange old black, starving. I remember starving, engaged in work so
trivial that it gave me a powerful urge to experiment. I worked all night
without any work at all. I stole a blood-plume sting from a putrid tomato. I
died.

======================================== SAMPLE 1 =========================== 

And then you control ME with such an orgasm over and over. It keeps going all
the while you keep checking me more and more against the walls and even the
walls of your dreams. It's like a dumping ground where– I was already drowning
in the pool of the imagination and my imagination is anything but – it's like a
nice beach and the wind is tingling my skin and making you feel strange. Or like
the death in tiny mountainous camps and near big hills. Or like the cosmicly
impossibly wind perturbed your body and the chill your foreheads. A place where
even when you've understood everything about your accomplice– you had no idea
what would happen next.

Sorry for my friend's religious rant. But I have no better choice than to
apologize. Because you're absolutely the greatest!!!

I have a friend who has made mistakes but an enormous deal of regret always
remain. A friend of mine once made seven brambles when she was ill and fell
unconscious due to appalling pain throughout his entire life. That is until one
day, after a long and painful process of self-satisfaction, he had realized that
paper didn't belong on his bed. He remembered the previous night as if it had
just been solved using the same equation for homework as any paper imagined on
paper. He said he had solved this at any given moment, but the problem was in
allowing him to read that messy paper. What could delay a blindfolded substitute
in just a few minutes?

The question is: what must the blindfolded substitute be before the existential
panic inevitably spurts howls of euphoria 24 hours later? When thy mind can
exercise both senses at the same time, when can such mental reassurance be faked
up by a curse or supplicate dick?

I remember being near a friend who worked at the ocean pulpit. And on the
morning of that evening, I was going to wash his honor dishes at our father's
station at sea. On the next few days, we would leave for a midsummer setting at
sea.

But then when he woke up one night to a munchkin approaching, his load began to
sink amongst him. "Don't worry brats, imphebs– do you even sense the faintest
cough!" The mitt subbed down and cleared his throat, and I remembered that
mingling with the ritual transmitted by Hallet was only one cause for failure.
Plush to called would not faze the tiniest smirk
