Peli Grietzer [8:59 PM] here's something interesting: i think Fleabag S1 feels
like a story about female experience, in this being comparable to a much better
Girls, and Fleabag S2 feels 'universal.' which is not to say, somehow, that the
genders could have changed and it would have still worked the same way (even
putting aside the technicalities of priesthood), but to say... i don't know
what, actually. i think that an interesting way art can feel more 'gendered' or
more 'universal,' in a way that's not reducible to 'everyone can like this' or
'just people of the relevant gender can like this,' and isn't reducible to 'is
gender narratively or semiotically essential to the content' either.

yeah 'excruciatingly long days' is it exactly! time won't fucking move

0xdeba5e12 [9:12 PM] you're right about S1/S2. I'm feeling a real Badiousian
itch here: S1: sex; S2: love

Peli Grietzer [9:14 PM] like, sex fundamentally comes in (at least) two forms,
male and female, but love is fundamentally one form?

0xdeba5e12 [9:15 PM] ok, to put it in very hokey and very French terms: 
S1 is about the ordinary, the repeatable, the forgettable, the haunting, coping. 
S2 is about the singular, the reflexive, the uncopable, the unbearable, etc.
everything in S1 is familiar -- especially to many female viewers S2 is about
the kind of love which feels completely unrepeatable and unprecedented. it's not
the _content_ that's shared, unless by coincidence, but the form. which almost
definitely has some connection to the way S2 takes its form as content, too. and
it has to. because the shared, universal experience _is_ *this content is
unrepeatable, unbearable, unique* S1 is Fleabag in itself, S2 is Fleabag for
itself i think i'm juggling a couple different things here, but i think they're
somehow connected you can't communicate the commonality of falling in love --
it's always so incredibly idiosyncratic -- but you can communicate the
commonality of its uncommonality, i guess and that's why it feels universal,
like you said oh, and communicating that "common uncommonality" means that you
need another order of abstraction, i suppose -- maybe that's why we get the
shift from sex to love, and from observation to reflection i've been reading
hegel again, too

Peli Grietzer [9:22 PM] wait this reminds me of stuff i've been thinking about,
which is that it's no coincidences that the first cosmopolitan philosophy was
stoicism, and it operated on the idea that we are all the same in our second
order property of being at the mercy of fortune and the passions, whatever our
actual fortune and actual passions are. i think universalism and cosmopolitanism
and so forth are truly fundamentally connected to the second order, to 'form'


# Fleabag in itself: Sex and Narration

# Fleabag for itself: Love and Metalepsis
