The structure of identity around which "identity politics" pivots has
its clearest allegory in the trope of the comic book supervillain. 

---

rough notes:

---

# EXAMPLES

unambiguous:

- Magneto
- Killmonger
- 

interestingly tricky:

- The Joker (ontological enmity)
- Doctor Octopus (the assignment of blame)
- Batman

# CHAT

Peli Grietzer [8:50 PM] been thinking about the relationship between trauma and
(recognitional) identity politics. i feel like they are, at some either
transcendental or nueral level, the same thing. i just mean, phenomenologically
identity grievances and trauma feel like they're the same kind of thing. maybe
it's something about... shit that hampers your capacity to participate in
intersubjectivity on a fundamental level, and that can only be made tolerable by
intersubjective recognition that you narrative about it is 100% accurate.


0xdeba5e12 [9:32 PM] this is definitely how the Discourse seems to frame it, at
least around these parts, where I've seen the word "trauma" invoked in public
address to various identity groups as if its existence was just axiomatically
presupposed. I've always felt a bit uneasy about it, but it's hard to place
_why_. (i think my uneasiness is even coming across here, in my tone, which
wasn't _meant_ to sound dismissive or distancing...) i've had my share of
traumatic experiences, and i _do_ find comfort in finding someone who can
recognize them, or sympathize with them, in a way that's grounded in their own
experience (as I've done with both a few of you here, wrt abusive
relationships). but I don't feel that my politically charged identity category
really _sticks_ to my traumatic past. they feel only tangentially related.
(maybe this is just because I haven't opted for an identification that centres
my trauma, but I don't really feel i'd care to.) there are some
less-than-traumatic grievance-based affinities that i can still get on with -- i
do appreciate bitching about the shit that we trans people have to deal with,
sometimes, with other trans people, and mutatis mutandis for
women/nerds/weirdly-wired/etc. but i also get tired of that sort of thing just
as quickly, and only really appreciate it in small doses. i feel that the
experiences that cluster most tightly around my politicized identity have the
character of _nuisance_ rather than trauma -- but this is just an idiosyncratic
fact about me, of course, and my relative privilege wrt group identifications. I
think that, perhaps, trauma doesn't have just a causative role to play in this
story, but an authenticating one. it's sacred

puellavulnerata [9:38 PM] hmm - it seems important to be able to talk about
identity without invoking trauma, but i'm leery of inadvertantly providing tools
for invalidating trauma by going in that direction (it might be relevant that my
heaviest traumatic experiences don't cluster around any very
politically-cognizable facet of identity)

0xdeba5e12 [9:42 PM] i'm not saying that what @Peli Grietzerâ€™s saying is wrong,
though. I've never fully entered into identity politics, with any serious
libidinal investment, and it's entirely possible that this has to do with a
failure, or neglect, to sublimate my trauma, which seems too ugly and
politically shapeless (not because it's unimaginably intense or anything, just
ill-shaped, diffuse, and partially self-inflicted, at least through complicity)
to really cathect in that way.

i think it's very possible that an identity that really _feels_ like an
important core of _who and what you are_ draws on some well of shared trauma.
(edited) but i've never had a very strong sense of identity, either

puellavulnerata [9:46 PM] (but I also don't necessarily think it's a coincidence
that I got way more ... hmm, visceral ... about a range of feminist topics after
having to fight and defeat a would-be rapist a couple years back)

0xdeba5e12 [9:49 PM] there are at least two sides to the notion of "identity",
in this context, of course: how you're identified, and how you identify the
first doesn't seem to have a direct causative dependence on prior trauma, but
can itself potentiate trauma the second seems to be closer to what @Peli
Grietzer's aiming at here, and it makes sense to speculate about how it might be
causatively downstream of trauma when the trauma around which
self-identification crystallizes was, itself, potentiated by assigned
identification, then you've got a readily politicizable subjective kernel (this
is the structure that the supervillain allegorizes in comics: You did this to
me! You made me what I am! There will be a reckoning! and all that) actually,
the supervillain is an _excellent_ allegory, since there's an explicit formation
of an identity formed by trauma and driven by a mission Batman, of course, is
relatively unique in being the superhero who's _structurally_ a supervillain (it
seems to be more common for superheroes' origins to be contingent or accidental,
rather than a ethically tractable trauma -- probably because traumas are a bit
heavy, and the writers, at least in the silver age, wanted to avoid bogging
their heroes down with that sort of thing, most of the time, so you got: cosmic
rays, gamma radiation, etc. Superman's origin is traumatic, I suppose, but
anterior to the character's memory...)

puellavulnerata [9:59 PM] counterexample: dr. manhattan

0xdeba5e12 [9:59 PM] accident, though, and not a _wrong_ villains' origins are
often framed as something that _wronged_ them (even when they are accidents,
like in the case of Doctor Octopus, part of the villainous arc involves
assigning blame -- somehow it's all Spiderman's fault, or something)

puellavulnerata [10:02 PM] (this is outside the core of the superhero genre, but
perhaps not totally so: kevin sorbo's portrayal of hercules as a stronger
counterexample)

0xdeba5e12 [10:03 PM] the Joker's an interesting case, if you go with the
Killing Joke origin. It's deeply traumatic, but no sensible object of blame
really presents itself. In some versions, the blame falls on Batman, in some way
or another, but iirc Moore really didn't stress this. It's just "one bad day".
But this may be why the Joker's vengeance is absolutely diffuse, directed at
everyone and everything. He kills to expose absurdity as absurdity, to unmask
it, and to prosecute it as absurdity. I forget Sorbo's Hercules, but does it
follow the canonical atonement narrative?

puellavulnerata [10:04 PM] no, it actually rather inverts it hera offs his
family out of sheer spite and jealousy and he reacts by running off to ... be
heroic

0xdeba5e12 [10:07 PM] (the Joker's anger is directed towards everything that
covers over the absurdity of existence -- this is a constant, which all the good
portrayals of that character have highlighted. Heath Ledger's Joker, and his
contempt for "plans" and "schemes". Moore's Joker and his mission to make Batman
_see_ that it could have just as easily been him, to make him admit that he's
seen the void too, that it's hilarious, and that his attempt to paper it over
with a mission are a coverup, etc. And the double treatment in Gotham, which
draws on Moore's, Ledger's, and Nicholson's Jokers in equal measure, and does a
pretty amazing job of it -- even as it diffuses the traumatic origin story in
weird ways.) that sounds like a weak sauce for hercules but understandable as a
network decision hard to really build audience sympathy around a child murderer
political correctness run amok amirite

puellavulnerata [10:08 PM] maybe he was covering something horrible up the whole
show :stuck_out_tongue: "um, hera did it" for six seasons

0xdeba5e12 [10:08 PM] them's smitin' words (edited)
